# Experiment-Managament-System-using-Abstract-classes.-Inheritance-and-Polymorphism
Add a new class called ‘Space Experiment’ that is based on (derived from) Experiment.  Give it constructors that match the ones in Experiment and edit them to allow them to be passed to Experiment upon instantiation. Give it the private fields and appropriate public properties to hold and manipulate data for ‘Gravity’ readings (data like 23.5 and 129.04) and ‘Velocity’ (data like 450 and 1294). Give it a Method called ‘OpenThePodBayDoors’.  When run, the method will pop up a message that reads “I am sorry Dave, I can’t do that”.  Give ‘Space Experiment’ a Property for ‘Volume’ (do what you need to do to allow it to modify the one it gets from Experiment) that adjusts for extra expansion in space by multiplying the value the user sets for Volume by 1.25x. Edit your form to instantiate this class instead of ‘Experiment’ and make sure your code can handle the D.V. and the ‘set’ting and ‘save’ing of the additional fields along with all the originals from the Experiment class.  Modify Experiment class to make it so that it is impossible to instantiate an object from it.  Make it so that the ‘Volume’ Property that you already have in place can be done differently by the ‘Space Experiment’ version of the Volume Property as mentioned above.   Modify the pop-up form to show the new fields in addition to the old ones that are already there.  Add a button that activates the ‘OpenThePodBayDoors()’ Method (don’t just hardcode the message to the button – make it run the appropriate method from the appropriate array space….)
